# portfolio-using-advanced-css
This project will contain my portfolio info.


    To create this website I first put the title tag and in between I named it Portfolio Website. Then I created a header tag and inside the header tag I placed a nav tag with a class of "nav". Inside the nav tag I placed an unordered list tag (ul) and and then inside that I put an (li) tag listed all my nav list items and gave them all  class and href attributes. Then I started on my intro section with a section tag with a class attribute of "intro" and an id of "home" to use for my nav. Then under that I used an (h1) tag and wrote Hello, I am Gideon Razzaq. Then I added a p tag under that for the subtitle of the page. and added and img tag with the url for the image I wanted using the src attribute. Then I started a new section for the My Services part of the page. I added an h2 tag for the title of that section called "What I do". Then I added an h3 tag for the subheading of that section and called it "Design and Development" and under that I added a p tag and wrote my paragraph for that subheading. I also used the div tags for the whole section and before each h3 and did the same process for my next paragraph in the My Services section. Next I created a section about me, which consisted of a section tag with a class, and h2 saying "Who I am". Then I added a div tag and in between I added my paragraph about me with the p tag. Then added an image with the img tag with an src attribute. Also I created a My Work section with an h2 with text saying "My Work". Then I added a div class and an img tag in between an A tag with the href attribute to the link I want it to go to. To make the picture that I added a clickable link. Did the same process for my next image that I added. Then for the footer I added a footer tag with in between ul and li tags and added the id tags as for all of my sections so I can use them in my nav section. For each of my items in my list I added a class and an href attribute in between (a) tags and added links to my social stuff like my email and Github. Then I went into CSS and customized my fonts and colors for all the stuff on my page. I adjusted the margin levels and widths for all my sections on the page. That is how I created this portfolio website.